feat(workflow): allow dynamic groups for group JEXL transform (#1098)
projectcaluma/caluma: docs/extending.md

[['my-option'], ...]
```

## Dynamic Groups

> Caluma allows you to write code that returns groups for use in the `address_groups` and `control_groups` properties of a `Task`.

Reviewer: The groups are used in `addressed_groups` / `controlling_groups`. The code is used in `address_groups` / `control_groups`.

Author: True, but the transforms can only be used in the task. Maybe a completely different wording would be better, do you have a proposal?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caluma allows you to write code to be executed as part of the JEXL evaluation in the `address_groups` and `control_groups` properties of a `Task`.
```
